[core] Implement persistent state hooks (#3696)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/core/components/persistent-state/use-session-storage-state-api.md

# useSessionStorageState API

<p class="description">API reference for the useSessionStorageState hook.</p>

:::success
For examples and details on the usage of this React hook, visit the demo pages:

- [useSessionStorageState](/toolpad/core/react-persistent-state/)

:::

## Import

```js
import useSessionStorageState from '@toolpad/core/useSessionStorageState';
// or
import { useSessionStorageState } from '@toolpad/core';
```

Learn about the difference by reading this [guide](https://mui.com/material-ui/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/) on minimizing bundle size.

## Reference

### `useSessionStorageState`

```js
const [state, setState] = useSessionStorageState('my-key', 'initial value');
```

**Parameters**

> - `key`: `string | null` The key under which to store the value in `window.sessionStorage`.

Reviewer: Doing API pages manually lets us explain things a bit better in some cases, maybe I might do the same for some components such as the `AppProvider`.

Author: Even the hooks generation for base is really just for base specific hooks, they won't work for ours

- `initialValue`: `T | null | () => T` The value to return when nothing is found for the `key` in `window.sessionStorage`. The value can be lazy computed by providing a function to this parameter.
- `options?`: `object` Additional options for this hook.
  - `codec?`: `Codec<T>` A codec that can encode and decode values of type V to and from strings.
    - `parse`: `(raw: string) => T` Decodes a string value into a value of type V.
    - `stringify`: `(value: T) => string` Encodes a value of type V into a string.

**Returns**

> `[T | null, React.Dispatch<React.SetStateAction<T | null>>]` Similar to `React.setState` result, it returns an tupple where the first item represents the state, and the second item a setter for the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[T | null, React.Dispatch<React.SetStateAction<T | null>>]` Similar to `React.setState` result, it returns a tuple where the first item represents the state, and the second item a setter for the state.
```
